d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.Web.dll.config
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.Web.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.Web.pdb
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\obj\Debug\PlaytagonTest.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\obj\Debug\PlaytagonTest.Web.dll
d:\system\mydocuments\visual studio 2013\Projects\PlaytagonTest.Web\PlaytagonTest.Web\obj\Debug\PlaytagonTest.Web.pdb
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.Web.dll.config
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.Web.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.Web.pdb
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Npgsql.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.DAL.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\PlaytagonTest.DAL.pdb
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Npgsql.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\obj\Debug\PlaytagonTest.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\obj\Debug\PlaytagonTest.Web.dll
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\obj\Debug\PlaytagonTest.Web.pdb
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\hibernate.cfg.xml
D:\Projects\PlaytagonTest\PlaytagonTest.Web\bin\Mapping\Character.hbm.xml
